README.md, before:

#Web Audio Transformer

The following Project is made for Speech and Audio Editing course of Ionian University.The project was based on
two repositories and all copyright belong to their creators.

The app uses user audio input with microphone and transforms the audio with effects like Pitch , Overlap , Distortion with the volume of user's choice. Also an white noise and annoying noise can be played as a background noise . User can also choose spectrum wave or sonogram Visualization type.

![Web Audio Transformer Screenshot](https://github.com/web-audio-transformere/Screenshot.png "Screenshot of the Web Audio API app")

###### For better app use

- In order to use the microphone, you may have to enable a configuration flag:
    -Go to chrome://flags
    -Enable the Web Audio Input options
    -Restart the browser
- Use the microphone with headphones or you may get a lot of feedback
- Use anonymous browsing

###### Reported Bugs

1. White Noise and Annoying Noise functions do not work properly
2. Distortion enables a very annoying noise
3. In order to use the microphone, you may have to enable a configuration flag
4. The Transformed can not be downloaded. Instead normal voice can

###### Future Expansions

- Resolve Bugs problems
- Add more audio transform effects
- Add video Recording and saving-downloading
- Add possibility of video manipulation
- Make the app as an downloadable Desktop app

###### Big Thanks

- [mdn/web-dictaphone](https://github.com/mdn/web-dictaphone)
- [urtzurd/html-audio](https://github.com/urtzurd/html-audio)
- [alemangui/pizzicato](https://github.com/alemangui/pizzicato)

###### Useful Links

-[MDN web docs-Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API)
-[webrtc/samples](https://github.com/webrtc/samples/tree/gh-pages/src/content/getusermedia/record)
-[CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/introduction-web-audio-api/)
-[WEB](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/01/mediarecorder)
-[W3C](https://w3c.github.io/mediacapture-record/MediaRecorder.html)
-[Pizzicato](https://alemangui.github.io/pizzicato/)

Commit message:

Resolve white noise and annoying sound function problem

README.md, after:

#Web Audio Transformer

The following Project is made for Speech and Audio Editing course of Ionian University.The project was based on
two repositories and all copyright belong to their creators.

The app uses user audio input with microphone and transforms the audio with effects like Pitch , Overlap , Distortion with the volume of user's choice. Also an white noise and annoying noise can be played as a background noise . User can also choose spectrum wave or sonogram Visualization type.

![Web Audio Transformer Screenshot](https://github.com/web-audio-transformere/Screenshot.png "Screenshot of the Web Audio API app")

###### For better app use

- In order to use the microphone, you may have to enable a configuration flag:
    -Go to chrome://flags
    -Enable the Web Audio Input options
    -Restart the browser
- Use the microphone with headphones or you may get a lot of feedback
- Use anonymous browsing

###### Reported Bugs

1. You have to play Annoying Sound first in order the White Noise to Work
2. Distortion enables a very annoying noise
3. In order to use the microphone, you may have to enable a configuration flag
4. The Transformed can not be downloaded. Instead normal voice can

###### Future Expansions

- Resolve Bugs problems
- Add more audio transform effects
- Add video Recording and saving-downloading
- Add possibility of video manipulation
- Make the app as an downloadable Desktop app

###### Big Thanks

- [mdn/web-dictaphone](https://github.com/mdn/web-dictaphone)
- [urtzurd/html-audio](https://github.com/urtzurd/html-audio)
- [alemangui/pizzicato](https://github.com/alemangui/pizzicato)

###### Useful Links

-[MDN web docs-Web Audio API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API)
-[webrtc/samples](https://github.com/webrtc/samples/tree/gh-pages/src/content/getusermedia/record)
-[CSS-Tricks](https://css-tricks.com/introduction-web-audio-api/)
-[WEB](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2016/01/mediarecorder)
-[W3C](https://w3c.github.io/mediacapture-record/MediaRecorder.html)
-[Pizzicato](https://alemangui.github.io/pizzicato/)
